Add markdown info (#19)
gotify/website: docs/pushmsg.md

Now you can simply use [curl](https://curl.haxx.se/), [HTTPie](https://httpie.org/) or any other http-client to push messages.

> > Since gotify/server v2.0.4 messages will be parsed as markdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since gotify/server v2.0.4 and gotify/android v2.0.6, messages will be rendered as Markdown.
```

It would be good to add android version as well.
